4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-editor-allow-selecting-multiple-remote-nodes-at-runtime.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: editor
rank: 3
importance: 4
anchor: allow-selecting-multiple-remote-nodes-at-runtime
title: Allow selecting multiple remote nodes at runtime
blockquote: TODO
text: |

>   The new embedded game window [introduced in 4.4](https://godotengine.org/releases/4.4/#embedded-game-window) highlighted an issue the editor had for many years now: the remote node list didn't support selecting more than one item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The new embedded game window [introduced in 4.4](https://godotengine.org/releases/4.4/#embedded-game-window) highlighted an issue the editor had for many years now: the remote node list didn’t support selecting more than one item.
```

>   The new embedded game window [introduced in 4.4](https://godotengine.org/releases/4.4/#embedded-game-window) highlighted an issue the editor had for many years now: the remote node list didn’t support selecting more than one item.

Reviewer 2: Why did the embedded game window highlight this issue?

Reviewer 3: Perhaps because users were more likely to be selecting objects in the game during runtime, thanks to the game window being more tightly integrated with the editor?

Regardless, for brevity's sake I think there could be merit in removing this, and just focusing on the problem and how it was solved.

Author: > Perhaps because users were more likely to be selecting objects in the game during runtime, thanks to the game window being more tightly integrated with the editor?

This ^

> Regardless, for brevity's sake I think there could be merit in removing this, and just focusing on the problem and how it was solved.

I don't know. That feature is already quite terse.
